Contributor License Agreement :

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions submitted to the project Haxe :

1) Definitions 

  "Contribution" : any source code, documentation, including any modifications or additions to an existing work that is intentionally submitted by You to the Haxe Foundation for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products managed and maintained by the Haxe Foundation.

  "Submitted" means any form or electronic, verbal or written communication, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems and issue tracking system that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Haxe Foundation for the purpose of improving Haxe.

2) Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Grant, You hereby grant to the Haxe Foundation and to recipients of software distributed by the Haxe Foundation a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works.

3) You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to the Haxe Foundation, or that your employer has executed a separate Corporate Contributor License Grant with the Haxe Foundation.

4) You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation (see section 7 for submissions on behalf of others). You represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.

5) You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Full Name :
Email :
Mailing Address :
Country :


Signature: